Refactor inline section into more general instruction frequencies (#15)
WebAssembly/compilation-hints: proposals/compilation-hints/Overview.md

*Note: This should be moved to `metadata.function.compilation_order` without the byte offset if such a namespace will be supported by custom annotations.*

### Instruction frequencies

Instruction frequencies might be useful to guide optimizations like inlining, loop unrolling, block deferrals, etc. Within a function, these frequencies inform which blocks lie on the hot path and deserve more expensive optimizations, as well as which are on the cold path and might even allow very expensive steps to even execute the code within (e.g. outlining or de-optimization). An engine can take those decisisions based on the call frequency observed, but cannot assume that any part of the code is unreachable based on the call frequency.

> The `metadata.code.instr_freq` section contains instruction level annotations for optimizable instruction dequences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `metadata.code.instr_freq` section contains instruction level annotations for optimizable instruction sequences.
```

  * *byte offset* |U32| from the beginning of the function to the wire byte index of an instruction (e.g. start of a loop or a block containing a call instruction).
  * *hint length* |U32| in bytes (always 1 for now, might be higher for future extensions)

>   * *offset log2 call frequency* |U8| determining the estimated number of times the callee gets called per call of the caller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * *offset log2 frequency* |U8| determining the estimated number of times the instruction gets executed per execution of the containing function.
```
